hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie lucy 2014
hit the subscribe button and get daily
new videos
the name of the heroine is lucy in this
movie her friend is a drug dealer and a
corrupt person
he continues the wrongdoing he has a
briefcase
and he says to lucy take this back he
says pointing out to a hotel
give this briefcase to someone going
into that hotel
we will get 1 000 after doing only this
work
lucy says one thousand dollars for this
little work
she refused to do it then her friend
snaps a handcuff around his wrist while
other side of handcuff is locked with a
bag which cannot be unlocked
he says to her you will have to go
inside somehow
she goes inside and informs receptionist
about those with whom she is here to
meet
and they come outside her friend
receives a gunshot when he is looking at
her from outside
and he is dead seizing lucy they take
lucy inside
after taking her in the room they make
lucy sit on the chair
they ask her to open this briefcase
speaking it
they hide themselves lucy also asks is
there any destructive thing in it
why has everyone hit him they reply the
person who gave you this briefcase is
unreliable
then they tell him a coat of luck which
is the requirement of unlocking the
briefcase
she unlocks the briefcase after setting
its code
there are four packets of cph4 drug they
ask
what is inside it lucy replies there are
four blue packets filled with a type of
powder
they ask lucy coming in front of her
will you serve us
but lucy says no as a result a man
punches her face and she loses her
conscious
coming into senses she finds herself
operated by someone
her abdomen is stripped she thinks if
someone has removed her kidney or
another body part
then a man tells him there is no removal
of any body part
one of the four packets has been sowed
in your abdomen
and you will have to go there where we
send you this packet will be removed
from your abdomen releasing you
now lucy does not want to work for them
but she has no option
because they are drug smugglers and
don't think before taking the life of
anyone
now three more men are brought there and
the remaining drug packets are sowed
into their abdomens
they inform them you will all have to
give these drug packets reaching a place
afterwards you are free if anyone tried
to cheat with us
we have your family addresses we will
end them
they are taken separately after covering
their faces with cloth
there are two standing men before lucy
when a cloth is uncovered from her mouth
she is chained by them while one of them
tries to disgrace lucy
when lucy begins to escape she is beaten
on her abdomen by that person
it was the place where drug was sewed so
that packet is opened in her stomach
this drug is too dangerous on the other
side
a scientist is shown delivering his
lecture on the topic brain
he says man has only used 10 of his
brain till now
he changed this world using this 10 he
stepped on the moon
invented aircraft and mobile afterwards
he says there is a thing which uses 20
of its brain and it is a dolphin
they are intelligent in using 20 of
brain they also communicate with one
another
he tells later human beings will be able
to know about their whole body if they
use
20 of their brain contrarily
lucy's mind is more activated because of
blowing up the packet of drug in her
stomach
now her brain has started working at 20
she immediately sits on the chair and
the same person comes there who had
kicked her abdomen
lucy is at ease because of her
hyperactive brain she does not want to
get more harm
showing any insensible act she hits a
blow to that man when he comes near her
then taking the placed gun on the table
she kills him
leaving that place then she moves to the
hospital
the reason to come here is this is a
drug packet has blown up in her stomach
packet is still not blown up completely
in her stomach
there is still something in the packet
doctors are operating a patient there
observing everything on the screen she
kills that man
taking out her gun doctor says be
relaxed
i start operation she reveals many
things to her mother through a call
during the operation
her mother is surprised saying how can
you remember such things
because she is telling the memories of
her childhood when she was below one
year
lucy's mind is more activated triggering
all memories
now lucy disconnects the call and
doctors have taken out that packet from
her stomach
she asks doctor how much drug has been
left in this packet
doctor replies half packet then she asks
how much time will the remained drug
effect in my body
the doctor says at first i should know
about it she replies
cph4 drug doctor is shocked hearing
it doctor says it is like atomic bomb
and i had also heard that someone is
going to make its synthetic substance
but it is incredible for me to think as
it has been made
i am unable to believe that you are
alive if cph4 has blown up in your body
now lucy moves to that person who had
sewed the drug in her abdomen
she asks where have you sent other three
packets
tell me but he does not reveal then
placing her hand on his brain side
she gets awareness about the location
where the packets have been sent
the country's names are rome paris and
america
afterwards lucy leaves for her house
there is her friend
she asks her friend may i use your
computer
she searches through internet about that
scientist who has been researching on
the brain
she says to professor through a call i
want to talk to you
i have read the content of your research
professor laughs saying
whole research you know how many pages
have been written by me
she says 6734 pages
i have drug in my stomach and my mind
has more activated
the professor is socked she says i am
using 28
brain of my body i have maximum 24 hours
for my survival
i will die soon and i will be able to
use 100
brain of mind i can control my body with
others
others mobile in different phones now
lucy says
i don't feel pain i have no desire
she tells physics mathematics and
science knowledge is penetrating in me
what should i do professor says transmit
this knowledge to the coming generation
after that lucy says to professor i will
come to you within 24 hours
now lucy moves to take other three
packets
meanwhile lucy's superpower of brain is
also shown as she makes the others fly
in the air
here a police officer supports her
taking the drug packets from them
she is ready to visit the professor
professor and his companions are waiting
for her there
lucy reveals the information about
mathematics and science
leaving them astonished at the same time
the owners of drug packets arrive there
the police officer says
i will not be able to stop them for a
long time
because they are armed lucy says it is a
time of valediction
i will have to absorb the other three
packets into my stomach
professor asks her are you thinking it
right in your part
lucy replies yes then i will be able to
use 100
of my brain later i will give you my
possessed store of knowledge after
making it supercomputer
so that people may use it then she
absorbs all three packets into her body
and her brain begins to work fast and
she transforms all present electronic
machines there into a supercomputer
now lucy uses 99 of her brain
she starts space-time traveling and time
is under her control
she travels into past first of all
she encounters the ancient people in
later dinosaur and the first man on this
planet
then she observes the creation of the
world lucy comes back
then a hooligan who had sowed drug in
her abdomen comes at the back side to
shoot her
lucy is disappeared as he shoots her
meanwhile
police officer kills that vagabond
coming there
afterwards lucy's maid supercomputer
gives a black flash drive to the
professor
the whole knowledge had been stored into
this drive by lucy
the police officer asks where are you
suddenly
a message is received in his mobile i am
everywhere
like and comment visit our channel for
more videos
you